# ARESS LAX Comms Log Toolkit

A framework for emergency comms and comms logging.

Connects to visualization tools, resource mapping, etc.

Useful for collecting data from all users, regardless of the user's OS or network status.

Includes a "main collector server", as a web-accessible resource, to aggregate, compile, gnash, and otherwise gut the data.

Includes a "portable web server", in the form of a disc image, for use during emergency HAM deployment ... just throw it on a USB stick, in your pocket, pre-incident.

We endeavour to meet the best of whatever satisfies current FEMA accountability best practices.

Portable version contains cross-platform accessible and printable form files, instructions, comms data tables, links, messaging/conferencing tools and other ARES Comms tools, pre-set to use ARES locations in the Los Angeles area.

Build your own resource to use your own area data. Pre-loaded images for various areas will be available, at some point.

Data and report transmission to the main collector server-family takes place via Internet, the EMCOMM MESH network and packet radio, if available.

All users, regardless of OS, will be able to access common forms for printing or editing and submitting data to the main collector server, via other means, like email or irc.

On a Windows or Mac system, all reports are saved locally, on the stick, with the aid of the localhost server on the stick, regardless of their success status with the networked main collector server.

Easily move incident data generated by your reports and comms between computers ... by carrying the ARES Comms Toolkit with you, on a USB stick. Report from anywhere ... even as a rover!
